you read the manuals yeah so you know
the way back to headquarters yes you are
my map let's go lead on my map show me
where we're going okay only I'm too sad
to walk just give me a few hours Oh
which way left right no I mean go left I
said left was rightly correct movie I
love this movie her character may be
called sadness but in inside out she
will have you in stitches please welcome
for a bt first the beautiful the
wonderful the talented Phyllis oh I was
just gushing I am such a huge fan of her
so is everybody at home we love you on
the work that you do thank you we loved
you on the office and man do you steal
the show in this movie a sadness well
that's awfully kind of you do how did
this all come to be did they come to you
and say cuz we know that the brains
behind monsters inc and opera behind
this you know Disney Pixar's gonna turn
out another winner do they say we want
you to voice sadness yes they did I was
actually lying on my couch in st. Louis
and my cell phone rang and I thought
who's this and turns out it was the
casting director from Pixar and they
invited me to go up to Pixar which is in
Emeryville California and they pitched
me the movie as if you know I would have
said yes on my couch right they didn't
know that yeah yeah it was pretty
amazing I mean I walked into this room
and the entire room was lined with the
artwork of the movie near inspired and
so Pete docter the director and
what's-his-name Ronnie del Carmen the
co-director they walked me through the
artwork and they basically told me what
it was about and I was virtually
speechless which is hard for me to be
and so it was pretty amazing and it is
your first animation so what were the
challenges like having to only lend your
voice what you do so beautifully in this
I was really nervous about it and the
one of the great things is that Pete
docter and Jonas Rivera
that's Pete right there they're so
welcoming and warm and wonderful that
they put me at ease right away and
fortunately because of the timbre of my
voice my being nervous kind of helped
with a character so I worked out did it
get easier as you went along because you
do carry a lot with with joy of the
scenes in this film I wish I knew at the
end what I you know in the beginning
what I knew at the end because I think I
gained a little more confidence as the
numerous you know recording sessions
that I had but it also worked well for
the character because the character kind
of gains confidence along the way as
well and what a neat premise do you
think what haven't they done that
they'll do that'll actually take off and
I feel like this will on so many levels
it actually takes you inside the mind of
a child who's going through a lot of
challenges and so there's different
characters so there's yourself this
place sadness right thanks joy there's
joy there's anger there's fear and
disgust and you know it's like you say
it's a wonderful premise because it's
not only is Riley our protagonist she's
also the setting which were we work
which is inside her head and I said when
you watch this back to jus I cried I
laughed did you do I did both yeah the
of course my first viewing of the movie
it was all about me you know is that
always I know I should have done this I
should have done that and then when I
saw it the second time I've actually
seen it three times now every time I see
it I see something new and different
that I had missed the you know on the
previous viewings and I think the
audiences will probably have the same
you know every time they see if they can
see something different depending on
what their emotion is and also where
they age and you know as a child you'll
see things differently than then you
will isn't it yeah there's important
life lessons here for kids going through
anything in terms of how to deal with
your emotions how to let things breathe
whether it be sadness or fear really
really great and compelling and so fun
so creative and of course you get to
team up with mindy kaling again the
office what was that like to actually
see each other actually after the movie
was completed we didn't we never work
together I had three sessions
with Amy Poehler which was terrific but
as that's wonderful that's one of the
wonderful things about this movie as we
look like we had all worked together at
that at the control board yeah and
that's the editor who made it so
seamlessly perfect the magic of disney
pixar what would you say is your
governing emotion overall are you more
of a joy full person what takes you out
for you I'm joy and fear fear that i'm
not going to do you know succeed and
joyful that i have the opportunities so
it's giant fear that that drive my role
you yeah well you definitely succeed
this and all that you do he and i know
that they actually cast you on the
office because you were part of the
casting agents and your reads were so
amazing that they couldn't help but put
you in the show so continued success
well i'll tell you thank you so much
it's it's been a gift you are a joy to
watch or make sure you see inside out go
to app picks are inside out as well
check it out it hits theaters this
Friday breakfast television dots here
for more information could you just give
me a little sadness cuz sure that would
be okay have will have you know it's
really a nice fun happy day to day and
I'm really happy to be here and uh thank
you so much for having me oh thank you
thanks to have you to Phyllis well ok we
have some great news we're going to talk
to me fellas well welcome to Toronto by
the way Phyllis but being from st. Louis
I thought you'd appreciate this video
that was just released today by the US
National Park Service they're up
cleaning would you know what this is
what is what is that that that's the
Gateway Arch Oh on top of the game they
went right to the top and they release
this video they're cleaning it and sort
of inspecting it they needed to do that
so that it's making things not my job
yeah Kenny